{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl480 \slmult1 \sa0 Abong\uc0\u8217{}o, Bernard, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Host Decoy Trap (HDT) with Cattle Odour Is Highly Effective for Collection of Exophagic Malaria Vectors.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Parasites & Vectors}, vol. 11, no. 1, 1, Oct. 2018, p. 533. {\i{}PubMed}, https://doi.org/10.1186/s13071-018-3099-7.\
Adde, Antoine /. Gaborit. \uc0\u8220{}Mosquito Magnet\uc0\u174{} Liberty plus Trap Baited with Octenol Confirmed Best Candidate for Anopheles Surveillance and Proved Promising in Predicting Risk of Malaria Transmission in French Guiana.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}PubMed Central}, Sept. 2014, https://doi.org/10.1186/1475-2875-13-384.\
Batista, Elis P. A., et al. \uc0\u8220{}Field Evaluation of the BG-Malaria Trap for Monitoring Malaria Vectors in Rural Tanzanian Villages.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}PloS One}, vol. 13, no. 10, 10, 2018, p. e0205358. {\i{}PubMed}, https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0205358.\
Chaki, Prosper P. /. Mlacha. \uc0\u8220{}An Affordable, Quality-Assured Community-Based System for High-Resolution Entomological Surveillance of Vector Mosquitoes That Reflects Human Malaria Infection Risk Patterns.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}PubMed}, May 2012, p. 172, https://doi.org/10.1186/1475-2875-11-172.\
Davidson, Jenna R. /. Wahid. \uc0\u8220{}Comparative Field Evaluation of Kelambu Traps, Barrier Screens and Barrier Screens with Eaves for Longitudinal Surveillance of Adult Anopheles Mosquitoes in Sulawesi, Indonesia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}PubAg}, Jan. 2019, p. 399.\
Dia, Ibrahima, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Comparisons of Human-Landing Catches and Odor-Baited Entry Traps for Sampling Malaria Vectors in Senegal.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Medical Entomology}, vol. 42, no. 2, 2, Mar. 2005, pp. 104\uc0\u8211{}09. {\i{}PubMed}, https://doi.org/10.1093/jmedent/42.2.104.\
Duo-quan, Wang, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Comparative Evaluation of Light-Trap Catches, Electric Motor Mosquito Catches and Human Biting Catches of Anopheles in the Three Gorges Reservoir.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Plos One}, vol. 7, no. 1, 1, Jan. 2012, p. e28988. {\i{}Web of Science}, https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0028988.\
Gama, Renata Antonaci, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Development of the BG-Malaria Trap as an Alternative to Human-Landing Catches for the Capture of Anopheles Darlingi.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Memorias Do Instituto Oswaldo Cruz}, vol. 108, no. 6, 6, Sept. 2013, pp. 763-+. {\i{}Web of Science}, https://doi.org/10.1590/0074-0276108062013013.\
Hiwat, Helene, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Carbon Dioxide Baited Trap Catches Do Not Correlate with Human Landing Collections of Anopheles Aquasalis in Suriname.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Memorias Do Instituto Oswaldo Cruz}, vol. 106, no. 3, 3, May 2011, pp. 360\uc0\u8211{}64. {\i{}Web of Science}, https://doi.org/10.1590/S0074-02762011000300017.\
Kenea, Oljira, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Comparison of Two Adult Mosquito Sampling Methods with Human Landing Catches in South-Central Ethiopia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Malaria Journal}, vol. 16, Jan. 2017, p. 30. {\i{}Web of Science}, https://doi.org/10.1186/s12936-016-1668-9.\
Krajacich, Benjamin J., et al. \uc0\u8220{}Sampling Host-Seeking Anthropophilic Mosquito Vectors in West Africa: Comparisons of An Active Human-Baited Tent-Trap against Gold Standard Methods.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene}, vol. 92, no. 2, 2, Feb. 2015, pp. 415\uc0\u8211{}21. {\i{}Web of Science}, https://doi.org/10.4269/ajtmh.14-0303.\
Kweka, Eliningaya J., et al. \uc0\u8220{}A Resting Box for Outdoor Sampling of Adult Anopheles Arabiensis in Rice Irrigation Schemes of Lower Moshi, Northern Tanzania.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Malaria Journal}, 2009, p. 6.\
Kweka, Eliningaya J., and Aneth M. Mahande. \uc0\u8220{}Comparative Evaluation of Four Mosquitoes Sampling Methods in Rice Irrigation Schemes of Lower Moshi, Northern Tanzania.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Malaria Journal}, vol. 8, no. 1, Dec. 2009, p. 149. {\i{}DOI.org (Crossref)}, https://doi.org/10.1186/1475-2875-8-149.\
Missawa, Nanci Akemi, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Comparison of Capture Methods for the Diagnosis of Adult Anopheline Populations from State of Mato Grosso, Brazil.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revista Da Sociedade Brasileira De Medicina Tropical}, vol. 44, no. 5, 5, Oct. 2011, pp. 555\uc0\u8211{}60. {\i{}Web of Science}, https://doi.org/10.1590/S0037-86822011005000053.\
Sanou, Antoine, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Evaluation of Mosquito Electrocuting Traps as a Safe Alternative to the Human Landing Catch for Measuring Human Exposure to Malaria Vectors in Burkina Faso.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Malaria Journal}, vol. 18, no. 1, Dec. 2019, p. 386. {\i{}BioMed Central}, https://doi.org/10.1186/s12936-019-3030-5.\
Sikaala, Chadwick H., et al. \uc0\u8220{}A Cost-Effective, Community-Based, Mosquito-Trapping Scheme That Captures Spatial and Temporal Heterogeneities of Malaria Transmission in Rural Zambia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Malaria Journal}, vol. 13, June 2014, p. 225. {\i{}Web of Science}, https://doi.org/10.1186/1475-2875-13-225.\
Sikaala, Chadwick H, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Evaluation of Alternative Mosquito Sampling Methods for Malaria Vectors in Lowland South - East Zambia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Parasites & Vectors}, vol. 6, no. 1, 1, Dec. 2013, p. 91. {\i{}DOI.org (Crossref)}, https://doi.org/10.1186/1756-3305-6-91.\
}